added doc to support app dev course (#426)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/app/getting-started/create-app/_index.en.md

> 1. Click on "**ny app**"-button in the top right corner of the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click on "**Opprett ny applikasjon**"-button in the top right corner of the dashboard.
```
